# Meeting #5

Team name: REDSOLOCUP

Members present: Isaiah Hendrick

Date: 11/08/2024

Time: 4:00 pm

Discussion points: 

* Project seems to be in a relatively good point to turn in
* Might have to edit final requirement specs to match what I have
* All that is left to do is documentation for the most part

Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Need to create video presentation for final submission (ISAIAH)
* Tweak final code and make sure everything is commented (ISAIAH)
* Ensure final deliverables are finished and repository website is updated (ISAIAH) 

